OK, so good afternoon everyone. I am aadhaar koul from MIET Jammu and I am here to pitch before the esteemed jury members. My business plan for Kavach dot AI which is AI based cyber hygiene framework and our motto is to secure and protect. So this is a cybersecurity framework. So let's come and examine the global cybersecurity landscape. It is common knowledge.

That day by day the cyber attacks are increasing on corporates as well as individual users. So due to a recent research report, there were about 1.235 billion global cyber attacks, which translates to about two cyber attacks a minute across the world. And it is estimated that the loss due to these cyber crimes is about $10.35 trillion which is an astonishing figure.

And represents the X percent of the world GDP. So it is a huge, huge problem for world governments to solve, for cybersecurity companies to solve because a lot of money is at stake and this can impact the economic growth of entire nations. There are 236.1 million attacks which are happening on a day-to-day basis. So currently if we look at, you know, the cyber security landscape, we will.

Find that there are very sophisticated solutions for large corporates. You have UTM, you have package sniffers, you have lot of sophisticated solutions. You have antiviruses, but individual users do not have any safety Nets. These people who are using computers, these could be our grandparents or parents who are not very sophisticated. They are, you know, susceptible to falling prey to these cyber attacks. Plus whenever there is a, you know, the cyber attack, then sharing of information.

Across countries or across geographies is not typically there, which prevents us from devising, you know, effective strategies against these cyber attacks. And it takes a lot of time to formulate, you know, good coherent strategies against these cyber security attacks and disseminate them to multiple users across the world. And one of the challenges that we see is that individual users who are not aware of how cyber crimes take place, they end up clicking on some phishing links.Person falling prey to malware attacks so they do not practice the required cyber hygiene. So that is what we are trying to address. It is a highly highly.

It's challenging problem to solve and this is where Kavach dot AI comes into the picture. So what is coverage? So coverage is an AI based advisory agent. It looks at you know, the the potentially harmful operations that a user can perform while you know, browsing the web or you know, consuming downloaded content from untrusted sources. So we issue advisories to individual users and prevent them from accessing.

Content which could lead to cyber, you know, attacks or leading to loss of finances. Then we also look at you know, when the users download these files from the open Internet, we move it to isolated area on the disk and we prevent further infection of malware onto the rest of the files in the computer. Not only this, when the experiences at the individual users are collated across the globe to a central server where there is a.Generated learning based, you know, model wherein we are learning. The system continuously gets data from individual users, learns and then disseminates the finely tuned AI models onto the individual devices so that they are constantly updated with the newer threat metrics. So we can devise a global response strategy to the observed threads and we can consistently enhance the effectiveness of our cyber security policies.

So here is the flow chart for kavach.As you can see that you know we are working with the individual browser and we are, you know, intercepting the web requests from the user and then we are using the I based agents to evaluate whether the accessing this particular web resource will result in a safe or unsafe operation. If it is unsafe then the user is issued an advisory and if in certain cases it is to be deployed in an organization, we can even prevent the user from accessing these potentially unsafe web sources.Then we have a sandbox to isolate the downloaded content. We have a privacy filter so when data is shared with the global server for learning, we don't share the personally identifiable information or PII which identifies an individual. So the proposed solution is privacy preserving. And then the global server is responsible for learning from all the reported incidents across the world. So we have a globally coordinated response metrics prepared vector.

We're prepared to address a new emerging threats. So if we come to the market analysis, this is a huge market. As you know that 5.16 billion people or 65% of the world population uses the Internet. So they are all potential customers. They are assuming that the total serviceable market is only 25% of the Internet using population, which is about 1.29 billion people. And further we believe that we can aim to capture about 25% of the total serviceable.

Market which would be approximately three 22.5 million people. Even at 0.01 dollar per month, we arrive at a very conservative revenue projection of about $20 billion per annum. So this is a recurring service model as obviously we can charge a premium for you know deploying policy based, you know security frameworks for individual.

Businesses, so we can obviously charge them a premium, but at at the level of individual users we can do that. And we believe that the that if the solution delivers what it promises then the market is ripe for the taking and we feel that the business would be highly valuable and profitable.So the potential customers for coverage dot EI are individual businesses, organizations, individual users, governments and I think at the price point at which we are offering all you know people would love to have this for their aged parents or this thing. And we will offer also a mobile based version so that even mobile Internet users can be prevented from clicking on click page and phishing and ransomware attacks as well.Thank you so much. I'll be happy to now take any queries that the Steve jury members might have.